Introduction to Github

We will be using github for accepting all the answer files for this round. 
If you know github, well and good! If not, learn it now! take it as an opportunity to learn about this 
awesome version control system. Google is God!and Wikipedia is not far behind. Feel free to take their help.


For this round we expect you to just use very basic commands like clone, push , commit the changes.

Git is installed on your system and all you need is to learn the basics.

NOTE: Your final score will be evaluated on the basis of the code that is present in  your repository
at the end of the Round 3. 
 We recommend you to do a bit of your own research online. If you are unable to upload your code,
you can always take our help. But that will come at the cost of your score points. Make a choice.

Good Luck!

 

To help you get started, please read the following.

Checking the status

Initially you start off by writing code/answers to a particular question, then you can check
whether your local git is sensing the change or not by a command called

git status #=> Tells you about the status of the current repository

Committing the changes

If you have made changes to any of your file, then it’s time to let your local git know that you
have made these changes. This can be achieved by the following code –

#=> Telling git to add from current path (Use this command in main

repository folder which is given to you)

git commit –am ‘any message here’

Pushing it online

When you are done with above steps, please check your repository status again and if there
is nothing to commit then it means you are ready to push your local git repo to online github
account. This can be achieved by the following command -

git push origin master

Now you may go to your github account and check whether the changes have been achieved or not.

#=> This is to finally store the changes in local git

There will be an instance when you change your operating system/computer. Then How do
change the updated repository? It’s easy, all you need to do it clone it in your local system by the
following command –

git clone github_link

Note : github_link is of form https://github.com/username/repo_name.git 

This will clone your repository online in your local system and again you can continue with your
development.   





